We first met when I solo traveled in Lisbon for the first time. I wanted someone to talk to, a friend. I get lonely when I travel solo, I miss community. I went on the swiper-no-swiping app to meet someone and try my luck. 

After we matched, we chatted for a bit over the app. You sounded almost fluently bilingual in both portuguese and english. Unfortunately, I can't speak portuguese other than a few google translate sentences. You said you had work later but were free to meet today before then. I suggested Lux 19, a kind of touristy artsy district in Lisbon, and you said yes.

I headed to Lux 19 and wandered about the shops while I waited for you. I picked up some beautiful watercolor paint postcards and checked out a shop with handmade lamps made of wood and fitted with lightbulb sockets and old-style edison bulbs. I took pictures of the lamps and told myself I could make them myself later at home.

I went to meet you at the cafe. I ordered a coffee and you ordered paõ de quiejo. We talked about your mom and my mom and how you learned english in Brazil. I, from the United States on the other hand, had never been exposed to Portuguese until just a few days ago. You moved to Portugal only recently, after you attended a friend's wedding here and decided to stay. I thought you had been in Lisbon for a while, but it seems like we were both equally new to the city. You worked at a bar in Bairro Alto, where the owner paid you in cash after each shift. 

When it was almost time for your shift, we left and walked to the bus stop. I asked if you had any tattoos and you showed me the ones on your arms. You said you had chest tattoo that was slightly misaligned because the artist drew it off-center. I wanted to see if this would lead to something. I pointed and asked if I could see the chest tattoo later. I think you said no and shooed my hand away. I stored that information away and assumed we were just going to be friends, then.

We returned to downtown Lisbon together and we still had a few minutes before your shift. We walked around the square and it was almost sunset. The square was filled with tourists wandering about and taking pictures. I like to copy the crowd, so I asked if you wanted to take pictures, too. It was bright, and I offered you my sunglasses and we agreed that you looked good in them. I took pictures of you which later you used as your whatsapp profile pic.

It was time for your shift and you had to go. I asked if I could see you later. You said I could get a free drink if I came to the bar, but I had to come before closing at 2am. We parted and I went back to the hostel. 

~~~

I had dinner at the hostel. It was a family-style dinner, homecooked by the hostel staff. I was looking forward to getting to talk to more people and all the hostel guests were invited to come. We were seated at a long table and served portuguese lentil soup and other dishes I don't remember. Dinner was delicious and I made friends with my neighbors. I asked if anyone else had used the swiper-no-swiping dating app to meet people here. Somebody said she didn't want to meet weird people. I said I had met someone local on the app today, and we already met for coffee. We should check out her bar later. I asked if anyone else had used the swiping dating app to meet people here. Somebody said she thought about but didn't want to meet weird people. I said I had met someone local on the app today, and we already met for coffee. We should check out her bar later. We all agreed to join guided pub crawl after dinner.

~~~

On the bar crawl, I hoped the bar crawl would take us to you. But as the bar crawl continued, it became clear that we were walking further and further away from your bar. They kept taking us to bars that were almost empty except for the hostel's pub crawl group.

It was getting closer and closer to 2am. I was beginning to be afraid that I wouldn't meet you in time. I mentioned to my new friends that we should ditch the group and check out your bar. The guides told us the crawl would end at the club, adn we were tempted to wait for it. I was torn between running to meet you, an uncertain stranger, or starying with my new friends and hanging out at the club. 

Finally, the pub crawl landed at its final destination: a club with a long line and supposedly popular. I loathe a "mainstream," overly-commercialized club. I rarely have a good experience at them. I waited in line with my new friends and suggested alternatives. maybe something with techno? Somebody said there was a club playing Brazilian funk. Nobody was brave enough to leave the line, and those that did said they were going home. I texted you anxiously to ask what your plans after work were. 

It was past 2am and I was still stuck in line. I cut my losses and told my friends I was going to meet you. (Let me know tomorrow how it goes!) Maybe they thought I was a little crazy. I walked away alone and navigated to your bar.

To my horror, your bar was up a tremendous hill. I was afraid you'd leave the bar and go home. I looked at the maps calculation and I was afraid I wouldn't make it if I walked the whole way. Still a bit drunk from the bar crawl, I activated my cross country skills and ran frantically up the hill, with phone directions in hand. 

I think I made it just in time to catch you just before you finished closing. I waited outside while you finished. You grabbed a cide for us to share and we walked out into the night.

You were a bit drunk, and so was I. We walked past drunk tourists and workers closing up bars for the night. We walked side by side on the uneven cobblestone. I tried something brave and held your hand. You didn't let go. We held hands past a couple making out and reached a bridge overlooking pink street, with its rows of bars and people spilling out onto the street.

I glanced at the couple behind us and I asked if you wanted to do what they're doing. I don't think you got my words but you understood what I meant anyway. We kissed for the first time there.

I asked what music you liked to dance to and you said funk. I searched up the funk club someone mentioned earlier and we went. 

I thought the music was terrible but I was drunk and danced anyway. We ordered two beers (dois cervejas) and two shots. We got really drunk. I held onto you and danced with you and I didn't know where this night was going to end. 



When I left I wanted to say I love you. Instead, I said "I'm going to miss you." You said you would miss me too. Later, when I told you this, you said you would've said it back.